Add ICorDebug documentation for framework interfaces (#10006)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/unmanaged-api/debugging/ixclrdatamethodinstance-interface.md

---
title: "IXCLRDataMethodInstance Interface"
ms.date: "01/15/2019"
api.name:
  - "IXCLRDataMethodInstance"
api.location:
  - "mscordacwks.dll"
api.type:
  - "COM"
f1.keywords:
  - "IXCLRDataMethodInstance Interface"
helpviewer.keywords:
  - "IXCLRDataMethodInstance Interface [.NET Framework debugging]"
topic_type:
  - "apiref"
author: "cshung"
ms.author: "andrewau"
---
# IXCLRDataMethodInstance Interface

> Provide methods for querying information about a method instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides methods for querying information about a method instance.
```

## Methods
|Method         |Description                                  |
|---------------|---------------------------------------------|

> |GetILAddressMap|Get the IL to address mapping information.   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[GetILAddressMap](ixclrdatamethodinstance-getiladdressmap-method.md)|Gets the IL to address mapping information.   |
```
